update the main README and added GIF for MARS demo (#23)
chaoss/MARS: automation-english/README.md

* **Language Support:** Currently, M.A.R.S. is capable of producing PDF release for English, Spanish and Chinese languages. For adding a new language refer to [this guide](add-language-guide).

All the commands listed below for Linux systems are assuming an installation of debian based system like Ubuntu, Mint, MX, AntiX, etc. However the same commands can used for different package managers and different flavours of linux like `yum`, `pacman` instead of `apt`; just be sure to select the right package name accordingly.

It is assumed that where ever we use the term Linux in the tutorial below, we are referring to a Debain based distro, more specifically **Ubuntu** (20.04), which was the actual system used.

## Launching to M.A.R.S.

There are 2 ways to run M.A.R.S.
1. [Using Docker image](#method-1-the-easy-way---docker-image) (recommended)
2. [Using Python virtual environment](#method-2-the-not-so-easy-way---python-virtual-env)

Each method has been described below in detail for both the platforms (Linux and Mac). You can choose according to your needs.

### Method 1: The easy way - Docker image

This is an easy and recommended way to run MARS on your system. Some theory: \

> We've already uploaded an image of MARS on docker hub, which contains an installation of all the required packges. We also have an automation script to pull that image, run the container instance and clean it afterwards. You just have to install docker on your system, confgure the `yml` file and cover page, and run the automated script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've already uploaded an image of MARS on docker hub, which contains an installation of all the required packages. We also have an automation script to pull that image, run the container instance and clean it afterwards. You just have to install docker on your system, configure the `yml` file and cover page, and run the automated script.
```
